README.md, before:

# DIG 💛 Optimization Guide

## 🔗 Overview

[![License][shield-license]][link-license]
[![Markdown][shield-md]][link-md]
[![JSON][shield-json]][link-json]
[![Git][shield-git]][link-git]

[🥄 Dig Tool by iamnotbobby](https://github.com/iamnotbobby/dig-tool)  

[**⚙️ Configuration Files**](KC-Config-Suite/)  
[**🚶‍➡️ Movement Patterns**](KC-Config-Suite/Pattern_Suite/)

[📚 Official Dig Wiki](https://digtionary.org/wiki/Main_Page)

---

## 🪄 Best Enchants, Stat Priorities, and Charm Sets

> [!NOTE]
> Enchant priority indicates the order of preference.
> Charm sets are ranked from best to less optimal.

### Prismatic Shovel
- **Enchant Priority:** Strong, Lucky
- **Stat Priority:** Strength
- **Best Charm Sets:**

| Rank | Charm 1                | Charm 2                | Charm 3                |
|------|------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
| 1    | Prismatic Domino Crown | Imp Horns              | Ice Picks              |
| 2    | Imp Horns              | Cauldron Hat           | Ice Picks              |
| 3    | Imp Horns              | Cauldron Hat           | Energy Apparatus       |
| 4    | Cauldron Hat           | Energy Apparatus       | Energy Apparatus       |

### Slayer Shovel
- **Enchant Priority:** Sundering
- **Stat Priority:** BossDamage
- **Best Charm Sets:**

| Rank | Charm 1                | Charm 2                | Charm 3                |
|------|------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
| 1    | Radioactive Horns      | Radioactive Horns      | Radioactive Horns      |
| 2    | Radioactive Horns      | Radioactive Horns      | Blueshroom Cap         |
| 3    | Radioactive Horns      | Blueshroom Cap         | Ninja Headband         |
| 4    | Radioactive Horns      | Ninja Headband         | Ninja Headband         |
| 5    | Blueshroom Cap         | Ninja Headband         | Ninja Headband         |

> [!TIP]
> Replace **Charm 3** with **Magma Boots** or **Blazing Gauntlet** to survive inside of Mount Charcoal.


### Starfire Shovel
- **Enchant Priority:** Wumbo, Lucky, Strong
- **Stat Priority:** Strength
- **Best Charm Sets:**

| Rank | Charm 1                | Charm 2                | Charm 3                |
|------|------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
| 1    | Prismatic Domino Crown | Imp Horns              | Ice Picks              |
| 2    | Imp Horns              | Cauldron Hat           | Ice Picks              |
| 3    | Imp Horns              | Cauldron Hat           | Energy Apparatus       |
| 4    | Cauldron Hat           | Energy Apparatus       | Energy Apparatus       |

---

This repository is licensed under the [WTFPL](LICENSE). Do what the fuck you want. Just don't sue me.

<!-- Badge Variables -->
[shield-license]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/AlinaWan/kc-dig-tool-configs
[link-license]: LICENSE

[shield-md]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-%23000000.svg?logo=markdown&logoColor=white
[link-md]: https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/

[shield-json]: https://img.shields.io/badge/JSON-000?logo=json&logoColor=fff
[link-json]: https://www.json.org/json-en.html

[shield-git]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=fff
[link-git]: https://git-scm.com/

Commit message:

update:add optimal hit count to optimization guide

README.md, after:

# DIG 💛 Optimization Guide

## 🔗 Overview

[![License][shield-license]][link-license]
[![Markdown][shield-md]][link-md]
[![JSON][shield-json]][link-json]
[![Git][shield-git]][link-git]

[🥄 Dig Tool by iamnotbobby](https://github.com/iamnotbobby/dig-tool)  

[**⚙️ Configuration Files**](KC-Config-Suite/)  
[**🚶‍➡️ Movement Patterns**](KC-Config-Suite/Pattern_Suite/)

[📚 Official Dig Wiki](https://digtionary.org/wiki/Main_Page)

---

## 🪄 Best Enchants, Stat Priorities, and Charm Sets

> [!NOTE]
> - Enchant priority indicates the order of preference.
> - Charm sets are ranked from best to less optimal.
> - Optimal Hit Count means how many strong hits it should take to dig up an item with a perfect build.

### Prismatic Shovel
- **Enchant Priority:** Strong, Lucky
- **Stat Priority:** Strength
- **Optimal Hit Count:** 3
- **Best Charm Sets:**

| Rank | Charm 1                | Charm 2                | Charm 3                |
|------|------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
| 1    | Prismatic Domino Crown | Imp Horns              | Ice Picks              |
| 2    | Imp Horns              | Cauldron Hat           | Ice Picks              |
| 3    | Imp Horns              | Cauldron Hat           | Energy Apparatus       |
| 4    | Cauldron Hat           | Energy Apparatus       | Energy Apparatus       |

### Slayer Shovel
- **Enchant Priority:** Sundering
- **Stat Priority:** BossDamage
- **Optimal Hit Count:** 10
- **Best Charm Sets:**

| Rank | Charm 1                | Charm 2                | Charm 3                |
|------|------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
| 1    | Radioactive Horns      | Radioactive Horns      | Radioactive Horns      |
| 2    | Radioactive Horns      | Radioactive Horns      | Blueshroom Cap         |
| 3    | Radioactive Horns      | Blueshroom Cap         | Ninja Headband         |
| 4    | Radioactive Horns      | Ninja Headband         | Ninja Headband         |
| 5    | Blueshroom Cap         | Ninja Headband         | Ninja Headband         |

> [!TIP]
> Replace **Charm 3** with **Magma Boots** or **Blazing Gauntlet** to survive inside of Mount Charcoal.


### Starfire Shovel
- **Enchant Priority:** Wumbo, Lucky, Strong
- **Stat Priority:** Strength
- **Optimal Hit Count:** 2
- **Best Charm Sets:**

| Rank | Charm 1                | Charm 2                | Charm 3                |
|------|------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
| 1    | Prismatic Domino Crown | Imp Horns              | Ice Picks              |
| 2    | Imp Horns              | Cauldron Hat           | Ice Picks              |
| 3    | Imp Horns              | Cauldron Hat           | Energy Apparatus       |
| 4    | Cauldron Hat           | Energy Apparatus       | Energy Apparatus       |

---

This repository is licensed under the [WTFPL](LICENSE). Do what the fuck you want. Just don't sue me.

<!-- Badge Variables -->
[shield-license]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/AlinaWan/kc-dig-tool-configs
[link-license]: LICENSE

[shield-md]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-%23000000.svg?logo=markdown&logoColor=white
[link-md]: https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/

[shield-json]: https://img.shields.io/badge/JSON-000?logo=json&logoColor=fff
[link-json]: https://www.json.org/json-en.html

[shield-git]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=fff
[link-git]: https://git-scm.com/
