docs/USAGE.md, before:

# 🥄 Dig Tool — Usage Guide

## Table of Contents

<!-- Run with: npx doctoc --maxlevel 3 docs/USAGE.md -->

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Importing Configuration Settings](#importing-configuration-settings)
  - [Steps to Import Settings](#steps-to-import-settings)
- [Importing Custom Walk Patterns](#importing-custom-walk-patterns)
  - [Steps to Import Walk Patterns](#steps-to-import-walk-patterns)
- [Basic Controls](#basic-controls)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
  - [❌ Macro stops walking or digging suddenly](#-macro-stops-walking-or-digging-suddenly)
  - [❌ Macro fails to hit strong hits consistently](#-macro-fails-to-hit-strong-hits-consistently)
  - [❌ Walk patterns failed to import](#-walk-patterns-failed-to-import)
  - [❌ Windows Defender blocked or deleted the executable](#-windows-defender-blocked-or-deleted-the-executable)
  - [❌ Hotkeys don’t do anything](#-hotkeys-dont-do-anything)
  - [❌ Settings reverted after restart](#-settings-reverted-after-restart)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

---

## Getting Started

1. **Launch the Macro**

   * Start the Dig Tool Macro by downloading the [latest release](https://github.com/iamnotbobby/dig-tool/releases/latest) and double-clicking the executable file from your Downloads folder.

> [!WARNING]  
> If Windows Defender deletes or blocks the executable file, follow these steps:
> * Press <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd> to open the **Run** dialog.
> * Paste the following command into the box and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>:
>   ```cmd
>   cmd /c "%ProgramFiles%\Windows Defender\MpCmdRun.exe" -SignatureUpdate
>   ```
>
> This will update Defender's virus definitions. After it's done, try downloading the macro again.

2. **Select an area**

   - Click the `Select Area` button on the main GUI.  
   ![Select Area Button](/assets/docs/select_area_button.png)

   - Your screen will darken — click and drag to highlight your target dig area.  
   ![Select Area Example](/assets/docs/selection_area.png)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You must select the bottom half of the minigame bar.
> Selecting the wrong region may cause the macro to miss hits or fail to detect movement properly.

3. **Disable Notifications Viewport in Game Settings**

   Before starting the macro, you'll need to make sure `Notifications Viewport` is disabled in the in-game settings menu.

   - Open your in-game settings menu.  
   ![Game Settings Button](/assets/docs/game_settings_button.png)
   - Look for the **"Notifications Viewport"** setting.  
   ![Notifications Viewport Slider](/assets/docs/notifications_viewport_slider.png)
   - Make sure it is **disabled** (the slider should be to the **left** and appear **grey**).  
   ![Notifications Viewport Example](/assets/docs/notifications_viewport_disabled.png)

> \[!IMPORTANT]
> Leaving this setting enabled may cause the macro to miss hits or improperly detect the zone.

4. **Start Automation**

   - Press <kbd>F1</kbd> or your assigned hotkey to start the macro.
   - You can pause or stop at any time by pressing the hotkey again.
  
---

## Importing Configuration Settings

Settings control your macro behavior such as detection, behavior, input delay, and sweet spot area.

### Steps to Import Settings

1. Open the `Settings` dropdown menu at the bottom of the main GUI.  
![Settings Dropdown](/assets/docs/settings_dropdown.png)
2. Click `Load Settings`.  
![Load Settings Button](/assets/docs/load_settings_button.png)
3. Choose a `.json` configuration file.  
![Load File Dialog](/assets/docs/load_filedialog.png)

---

## Importing Custom Walk Patterns

You can import `.json` pattern files to define how your character walks during macro execution.

### Steps to Import Walk Patterns

1. Open the `Behavior` dropdown menu on the main GUI.  
![Behavior Dropdown](/assets/docs/behavior_dropdown.png)
2. Open the `Auto-Walk Settings` dropdown menu under that.  
![Auto-Walk Settings Dropdown](/assets/docs/autowalk_dropdown.png)
3. Click `Manage Custom Patterns`.  
![Manage Custom Patterns Button](/assets/docs/manage_patterns_button.png)
4. In the window that appears, click `Import Pattern`.  
![Import Pattern](/assets/docs/import_pattern_button.png)
5. Choose a `.json` configuration file.  
![Load File Dialog](/assets/docs/load_filedialog.png)

---

## Basic Controls

| Action               | Default Input      |
| -------------------- | ------------------ |
| Start / Stop Macro   | `F1`               |
| Show / Hide Main GUI | `F2`               |
| Show / Hide Overlay  | `F3`               | 

---

## Troubleshooting

### ❌ Macro stops walking or digging suddenly

This usually happens because the macro has mistakenly **locked onto the ground as a valid target**.

#### How to confirm:

1. Press <kbd>F3</kbd> (or your assigned hotkey) to open the **overlay**.
2. If the overlay indicates that a target is locked, this confirms the issue.

#### How to fix:

* Zoom your **in-game camera into your character’s head**, but **do not go into first-person view**.
* This is usually enough to prevent the macro from detecting the ground as a valid target.

### ❌ Macro fails to hit strong hits consistently

If your macro walks correctly but **fails to get strong hits**, or **only gets them randomly**, this is usually due to a **visual detection issue** or **hardware performance limitation**.

#### How to troubleshoot:

1. Open the macro’s main GUI and click the `Show Preview` button.
2. This displays what the macro sees during gameplay.

#### What to check:

* **First**, make sure **Notifications Viewport** is **disabled** in the game’s settings:

  * Open the **in-game settings menu**.  
    ![Game Settings Button](/assets/docs/game_settings_button.png)

  * Find the **"Notifications Viewport"** setting.  
    ![Notifications Viewport Slider](/assets/docs/notifications_viewport_slider.png)

  * The slider should be to the **left** and appear **grey**.  
    ![Notifications Viewport Example](/assets/docs/notifications_viewport_disabled.png)

* If Notifications Viewport is disabled but the preview still shows the **entire black area as the bounding box** (instead of the dig zone):

  * This is a **known bug** with no current fix.
  * The macro cannot accurately locate the sweet spot in this case.

* If the bounding box **does follow the dig zone and sweet spot**, but strong hits are still rare or inconsistent:

  * Make sure your **FPS is uncapped** in Roblox.
  * In **Roblox settings**, set **`Maximum Frame Rate` to 240**.
  * Try to reach **at least 150 FPS**, and ideally **200+ FPS**.

#### Final step:

* If your FPS is already high but strong hits still fail, your **CPU may be too slow** to keep up with the visual processing.

  * Consider upgrading to a **faster CPU** if possible.

### ❌ Walk patterns failed to import

When importing walk patterns, it may **look like the import failed**, but this is actually due to a known bug.

#### What’s happening:

* After you select and open a `.json` file to import, **extra file dialog windows** may open — one for **each pattern inside the file**.
* An error message may appear at the end.

#### What to do:

1. Simply **click `Cancel`** on each dialog that pops up.
2. After the last one, **ignore the final error message**.
3. Press the `Refresh List` button.
4. The imported walk patterns should now appear as expected.

### ❌ Windows Defender blocked or deleted the executable

Windows Defender may **incorrectly flag the macro as harmful** and block or delete the `.exe` file immediately after download.

#### How to fix:

1. Press <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd> to open the **Run** dialog.
2. Paste the following command into the box and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>:

   ```cmd
   cmd /c "%ProgramFiles%\Windows Defender\MpCmdRun.exe" -SignatureUpdate
   ```
3. Wait for Windows Defender to finish updating its virus definitions.
4. Re-download the macro from the [latest release](https://github.com/iamnotbobby/dig-tool/releases/latest) and try running it again.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This issue is a **false positive**. The macro does not contain any malicious code.

### ❌ Hotkeys don’t do anything

Sometimes the macro’s hotkeys (e.g., <kbd>F1</kbd>, <kbd>F2</kbd>, <kbd>F3</kbd>) may stop responding or appear to do nothing.

#### How to fix:

* Simply **close and restart the program**.
  This usually restores full hotkey functionality.

### ❌ Settings reverted after restart

Settings **do not persist automatically** between sessions.

#### What to do:

* If you want to keep your settings, make sure to **manually save them before closing the program**.
* Alternatively, you can **load your saved settings file** each time you start the macro.

Commit message:

Add troubleshooting for AZERTY keyboard users

docs/USAGE.md, after:

# 🥄 Dig Tool — Usage Guide

## Table of Contents

<!-- Run with: npx doctoc --maxlevel 3 docs/USAGE.md -->

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Importing Configuration Settings](#importing-configuration-settings)
  - [Steps to Import Settings](#steps-to-import-settings)
- [Importing Custom Walk Patterns](#importing-custom-walk-patterns)
  - [Steps to Import Walk Patterns](#steps-to-import-walk-patterns)
- [Basic Controls](#basic-controls)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
  - [❌ Macro stops walking or digging suddenly](#-macro-stops-walking-or-digging-suddenly)
  - [❌ Macro fails to hit strong hits consistently](#-macro-fails-to-hit-strong-hits-consistently)
  - [❌ Walk patterns failed to import](#-walk-patterns-failed-to-import)
  - [❌ Windows Defender blocked or deleted the executable](#-windows-defender-blocked-or-deleted-the-executable)
  - [❌ Hotkeys don’t do anything](#-hotkeys-dont-do-anything)
  - [❌ Settings reverted after restart](#-settings-reverted-after-restart)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

---

## Getting Started

1. **Launch the Macro**

   * Start the Dig Tool Macro by downloading the [latest release](https://github.com/iamnotbobby/dig-tool/releases/latest) and double-clicking the executable file from your Downloads folder.

> [!WARNING]  
> If Windows Defender deletes or blocks the executable file, follow these steps:
> * Press <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd> to open the **Run** dialog.
> * Paste the following command into the box and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>:
>   ```cmd
>   cmd /c "%ProgramFiles%\Windows Defender\MpCmdRun.exe" -SignatureUpdate
>   ```
>
> This will update Defender's virus definitions. After it's done, try downloading the macro again.

2. **Select an area**

   - Click the `Select Area` button on the main GUI.  
   ![Select Area Button](/assets/docs/select_area_button.png)

   - Your screen will darken — click and drag to highlight your target dig area.  
   ![Select Area Example](/assets/docs/selection_area.png)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You must select the bottom half of the minigame bar.
> Selecting the wrong region may cause the macro to miss hits or fail to detect movement properly.

3. **Disable Notifications Viewport in Game Settings**

   Before starting the macro, you'll need to make sure `Notifications Viewport` is disabled in the in-game settings menu.

   - Open your in-game settings menu.  
   ![Game Settings Button](/assets/docs/game_settings_button.png)
   - Look for the **"Notifications Viewport"** setting.  
   ![Notifications Viewport Slider](/assets/docs/notifications_viewport_slider.png)
   - Make sure it is **disabled** (the slider should be to the **left** and appear **grey**).  
   ![Notifications Viewport Example](/assets/docs/notifications_viewport_disabled.png)

> \[!IMPORTANT]
> Leaving this setting enabled may cause the macro to miss hits or improperly detect the zone.

4. **Start Automation**

   - Press <kbd>F1</kbd> or your assigned hotkey to start the macro.
   - You can pause or stop at any time by pressing the hotkey again.
  
---

## Importing Configuration Settings

Settings control your macro behavior such as detection, behavior, input delay, and sweet spot area.

### Steps to Import Settings

1. Open the `Settings` dropdown menu at the bottom of the main GUI.  
![Settings Dropdown](/assets/docs/settings_dropdown.png)
2. Click `Load Settings`.  
![Load Settings Button](/assets/docs/load_settings_button.png)
3. Choose a `.json` configuration file.  
![Load File Dialog](/assets/docs/load_filedialog.png)

---

## Importing Custom Walk Patterns

You can import `.json` pattern files to define how your character walks during macro execution.

### Steps to Import Walk Patterns

1. Open the `Behavior` dropdown menu on the main GUI.  
![Behavior Dropdown](/assets/docs/behavior_dropdown.png)
2. Open the `Auto-Walk Settings` dropdown menu under that.  
![Auto-Walk Settings Dropdown](/assets/docs/autowalk_dropdown.png)
3. Click `Manage Custom Patterns`.  
![Manage Custom Patterns Button](/assets/docs/manage_patterns_button.png)
4. In the window that appears, click `Import Pattern`.  
![Import Pattern](/assets/docs/import_pattern_button.png)
5. Choose a `.json` configuration file.  
![Load File Dialog](/assets/docs/load_filedialog.png)

---

## Basic Controls

| Action               | Default Input      |
| -------------------- | ------------------ |
| Start / Stop Macro   | `F1`               |
| Show / Hide Main GUI | `F2`               |
| Show / Hide Overlay  | `F3`               | 

---

## Troubleshooting

### ❌ Macro stops walking or digging suddenly

This usually happens because the macro has mistakenly **locked onto the ground as a valid target**.

#### How to confirm:

1. Press <kbd>F3</kbd> (or your assigned hotkey) to open the **overlay**.
2. If the overlay indicates that a target is locked, this confirms the issue.

#### How to fix:

* Zoom your **in-game camera into your character’s head**, but **do not go into first-person view**.
* This is usually enough to prevent the macro from detecting the ground as a valid target.

### ❌ Macro fails to hit strong hits consistently

If your macro walks correctly but **fails to get strong hits**, or **only gets them randomly**, this is usually due to a **visual detection issue** or **hardware performance limitation**.

#### How to troubleshoot:

1. Open the macro’s main GUI and click the `Show Preview` button.
2. This displays what the macro sees during gameplay.

#### What to check:

* **First**, make sure **Notifications Viewport** is **disabled** in the game’s settings:

  * Open the **in-game settings menu**.  
    ![Game Settings Button](/assets/docs/game_settings_button.png)

  * Find the **"Notifications Viewport"** setting.  
    ![Notifications Viewport Slider](/assets/docs/notifications_viewport_slider.png)

  * The slider should be to the **left** and appear **grey**.  
    ![Notifications Viewport Example](/assets/docs/notifications_viewport_disabled.png)

* If Notifications Viewport is disabled but the preview still shows the **entire black area as the bounding box** (instead of the dig zone):

  * This is a **known bug** with no current fix.
  * The macro cannot accurately locate the sweet spot in this case.

* If the bounding box **does follow the dig zone and sweet spot**, but strong hits are still rare or inconsistent:

  * Make sure your **FPS is uncapped** in Roblox.
  * In **Roblox settings**, set **`Maximum Frame Rate` to 240**.
  * Try to reach **at least 150 FPS**, and ideally **200+ FPS**.

#### Final step:

* If your FPS is already high but strong hits still fail, your **CPU may be too slow** to keep up with the visual processing.

  * Consider upgrading to a **faster CPU** if possible.

### ❌ Walk patterns failed to import

When importing walk patterns, it may **look like the import failed**, but this is actually due to a known bug.

#### What’s happening:

* After you select and open a `.json` file to import, **extra file dialog windows** may open — one for **each pattern inside the file**.
* An error message may appear at the end.

#### What to do:

1. Simply **click `Cancel`** on each dialog that pops up.
2. After the last one, **ignore the final error message**.
3. Press the `Refresh List` button.
4. The imported walk patterns should now appear as expected.

#### AZERTY keyboard users — read this!

The macro supports AZERTY keyboards, but you can’t import AZERTY walk pattern files directly — only patterns using W, A, S, D can be imported.

If you try to import a `.json` file and see an error like:

> `Invalid moves (only W, A, S, D allowed)`

This means the file was created using **AZERTY-style movement keys** (`ZQSD`).

To fix this:

1. Open the `.json` file in any text editor (like Notepad).
2. Find the line that looks like:

   ```json
   {
     "Pattern_Name": [
       "z",
       "q",
       ...
   ```
3. Manually copy each letter of the pattern into the macro’s walk pattern key recorder.

### ❌ Windows Defender blocked or deleted the executable

Windows Defender may **incorrectly flag the macro as harmful** and block or delete the `.exe` file immediately after download.

#### How to fix:

1. Press <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd> to open the **Run** dialog.
2. Paste the following command into the box and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>:

   ```cmd
   cmd /c "%ProgramFiles%\Windows Defender\MpCmdRun.exe" -SignatureUpdate
   ```
3. Wait for Windows Defender to finish updating its virus definitions.
4. Re-download the macro from the [latest release](https://github.com/iamnotbobby/dig-tool/releases/latest) and try running it again.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This issue is a **false positive**. The macro does not contain any malicious code.

### ❌ Hotkeys don’t do anything

Sometimes the macro’s hotkeys (e.g., <kbd>F1</kbd>, <kbd>F2</kbd>, <kbd>F3</kbd>) may stop responding or appear to do nothing.

#### How to fix:

* Simply **close and restart the program**.
  This usually restores full hotkey functionality.

### ❌ Settings reverted after restart

Settings **do not persist automatically** between sessions.

#### What to do:

* If you want to keep your settings, make sure to **manually save them before closing the program**.
* Alternatively, you can **load your saved settings file** each time you start the macro.
